Astro CLI 1.2 docs (#855)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer Support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Astro CLI v1.2.0

> Release date: June 13, 2022

Author: ```suggestion
Release date: June 28, 2022
```

> ### Additional improvements 

Author: I currently don't document `astro deployment runtime upgrade/migrate` in our Astro docs. Will Astro users see these commands if they're in an Astro context? Should we document them anyways>

Reviewer: Astro users won't be able to see `astro deployment runtime upgrade/migrate` commands.

But I think we should still document the newly added commands somewhere because there will always be differences in terms of our offering between Astro & Software at least till the foreseeable future. Maybe have some noticeable distinction in terms of documentation using which users can easily identify if it's Astro command or Software command.

> ### Additional improvements 

Reviewer 2: Question: Are the Release Note headings moving to sentence case? If not, you'll need to change _Additional improvements_ to _Additional Improvements_.

Author: Yup they are in sentence case now! Made that update in my capitalization PR as well.

> - This release fixes an issue where `astro deploy` would kill a running project

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `astro deploy` would kill a running project
```
